it's a deep-fried dim sum snack called
sesame prawn toast and for this you need
to make a pace from about 1 pound of
prawns and for this I'm using uncooked
prawns this is what I prefer to use
because uncooked prawns are sweeter and
they have a better taste I think and to
make the paste I need about 1 TSP of
salt 1 whole egg and this will just bind
the paste together 2 tablespoon of
finely chopped spring onions about 2 TSP
of ginger first ginger the Chinese like
to use ginger in there
cooking with seafood to offset the
strong taste of the fish and seafood
about 1 tablespoon of light soy sauce
and finally about 1 TSP of sesame oil
this will add a nice toasty flavor to
the paste now for this I'm using a food
processor you can use a blender or a
mincer if you like with this it just
takes a few seconds the pace this should
look like this and at this point you can
make it in advance even up to 3-4 hours
in advance now the next step is to take
some bread about 10 slices of white
bread and cut them into three inch by 1
inch rectangles and then you need to
take the paste this is quite easy don't
do this too much in advance because the
bread will get very soggy these are
really quite good and the aroma is very
enticing and mount it over the bread
like this
and the egg will make them fluff up a
little bit when they they're cooked and
continue filling them until you've used
up all the bread and the paste the next
step is to sprinkle them with about 3
tbsp of white sesame seed this will give
a very nice flavor to the toast
and after this I'm going to deep-fry it
now if you're deep frying it in a wok
use about 15 fluid ounces of ground nut
oil or you can use corn oil and how do
you know when it's hot enough when you
drop a piece of food and it floats right
to the top you know that it's hot enough
to deep-fry I'm going to use a deep fat
fryer and I've heated this up to about
375 Fahrenheit 190 centigrade and I'm
for deep fat fryer you'll need a lot
more oil and I have a trick here that I
like to show you I take the basket and I
put it in the hot oil and this will
prevent the food from sticking and it
when you deep-fry these put them
stuffing side down
this way they can just float to the top
because the stuffing is the part you
need to cook and six is about enough for
this hand because I don't want to
overcrowd this too much and you want to
cook them for about two or three minutes
until they're nice and brown this should
be ready now and oh they're nice golden
brown they look delicious and see how
nice they are when they're you can tell
when they're done when when you press
them and they're quite firm and I find
them irresistible